workbox/README.md, before:

# Quickstart
  1. `yarn` to install deps
  1. `yarn serve` to build and serve the app
  1. open your browser to http://localhost:8080

# TODO
  - how can we generate failures? Cutting the network will be hard when the
    requests are so small/quick. Perhaps setting throttling to give more time
    or generate the error in our code if we have a hook available. We could
    also add a sleep to our server-side code to slow things down
  - inject manifest to built SW
  - can we shortcircuit a delete by sending a message to the SW to drop any
    pending requests for that obsId?
  - do we treat edits (PUTs) exactly the same as POSTs?
  - what do we do when an item on the queue expires? We still need it to
     be tried again. There doesn't seem to be a way to hook the deletes
     https://github.com/GoogleChrome/workbox/blob/55b7cbf743a4f542d0b1bfb7a102e063d50ca0cd/packages/workbox-background-sync/src/Queue.ts#L205.
     We could always break encapsulation and go into the IDB store and check
     for expiry ourselves
  - can we backout of building the service worker with webpack and just use ESM
      import statement to get what we need? The trick is making those modules
      available. I think we'd need to define our own module as an entry point
      that imports what we need, make sure it's built as ESM and import it from
      the SW.

# Assumption:
  - service worker is a newer API than IndexedDB so anywhere we have a SW, we'll
      have IDB also
  - it's safer to have the SW use its own DB, which means duplicated data but
      easier to maintain

Commit message:

tried moving sw to public and importing a helper but that fails, so this commit doesn't work

workbox/README.md, after:

# Quickstart
  1. `yarn` to install deps
  1. `yarn serve` to build and serve the app
  1. open your browser to http://localhost:8080

# TODO
  - how can we generate failures? Cutting the network will be hard when the
    requests are so small/quick. Perhaps setting throttling to give more time
    or generate the error in our code if we have a hook available. We could
    also add a sleep to our server-side code to slow things down
  - inject manifest to built SW
  - can we shortcircuit a delete by sending a message to the SW to drop any
    pending requests for that obsId?
  - do we treat edits (PUTs) exactly the same as POSTs?
  - what do we do when an item on the queue expires? We still need it to
     be tried again. There doesn't seem to be a way to hook the deletes
     https://github.com/GoogleChrome/workbox/blob/55b7cbf743a4f542d0b1bfb7a102e063d50ca0cd/packages/workbox-background-sync/src/Queue.ts#L205.
     We could always break encapsulation and go into the IDB store and check
     for expiry ourselves
  - can we backout of building the service worker with webpack and just use ESM
      import statement to get what we need? The trick is making those modules
      available. I think we'd need to define our own module as an entry point
      that imports what we need, make sure it's built as ESM and import it from
      the SW. Answer: no, there's not support for `import` https://stackoverflow.com/a/53439890/1410035.
      Maybe if we can build the helper as a module that imports itself to a
      variable, then `importScripts` that into the sw

# Assumption:
  - service worker is a newer API than IndexedDB so anywhere we have a SW, we'll
      have IDB also
  - it's safer to have the SW use its own DB, which means duplicated data but
      easier to maintain
